# Codeshastra-5-Project
Portfolio management system for stock market investors.
Investment Management is a key trend in FinTech, which involves buying and selling investments within a portfolio. Trade Master is a portfolio management system for stock market investors that allows them to manage their investments, suggests them potential stocks from the NSE to strengthen their portfolio along with their quantities to be brought and presents the user with an engaging dashboard to interact with these features.
# Features
<br>1. An end-to-end web application, that allows investors to signup, login after registering and present them with a dashboard that allows them to view recommendations that were generated by the system.
<br>2. The portfolio manager takes into consideration investor preferences such as their budget, expected return and risk taking capacity. The developed algorithm manages the investments and suggests the investors with the exact quantity of stocks to be brought to meet their preferences and trading style by addressing this issue as a maximization problem solved using a greedy approach. 
<br>3. A filter initially shortlists stocks having buy signal from the entire universe of stocks listed on NSE using a combination of various momentum and trend indicators such as stochastic oscillator and moving averages. 
<br>4. This filtered list of stocks is then fed as input to our portfolio management system to identify potential stocks that could be brougt keeping in mind the investor's budget and preferences. 
<br>5. This portfolio manager algorithm is written in Flask with MongoDB as the database and uses various freely available APIs to pull historic stock market data. The front-end of the application is developed in Angular 6 and the entire website is managed by SpringBoot. 
